paramotoring is the culmination of art
and technology that enables pilots to
fly in nearly any condition for hours on
end without relying on thermals and win
a lightweight internal combustion engine
or electric motor is attached to the
harness which propels the pilot into the
air specification of a system is using
an HP drive this is one of the light
test drive actually available on the
market is the 17 kilo 4v complete Shasta
propeller economists and between 12 and
16 kilo for dependable kind of luxury
the actual price of this system is just
under ten thousand euro
the thrust provides the air speed and
the paraglider wing provides the lift
located in montague france the atlantic
paramotor school is one of the leading
paramotor schools in the country
instructor Ludo menial and paramotor
world champion Fred Milan are taking
advantage of a four-day break in the
winter weather for a few short paramotor
adventures in this beautiful region of
France the air is crisp and clear Fred
gears up in an airfield 20 kilometers
outside of the city before he takes off
towards the center of town having
established his motors proximity range
he shows us the limits of what's
possible with the paramotor competitions
test the skills of pilots on precision
flight navigation fuel efficiency
distance and speed with thousands of
hours flying in numerous competitions
under his belt Fred safely ducks into
tight valleys following the curves of
the river yeah well those for example to
you
today Fred and luda will fly tool active
adult 12 kilometers away barefooting
usually in water grass and sometimes
called foot-dragging involves flying at
maximum speed just above the ground
while carefully maintaining height with
brake inputs and airspeed it's Fred
touches the water he lifts his hands up
to speed up the wing so that the engine
stops he is a much better chance to
surge up and make it to the shore
some you Jude petaluma if you after a
short break fredle set out on another
adventure in peril
finishing with a couple turns around a
water tower Fred lands safely back at
the air park for some evening acrobatics
and speed for
Oh
I